sky	has property	dark
dark	distinct from	light
turn	motivated by goal	dark
light	motivated by goal	dark
curtain	used for	dark
comput	at location	house
carpet	at location	house
bedroom	at location	house
famili	at location	house
furnitur	at location	house
window	at location	house
bathroom	at location	house
tv	at location	house
lamp	at location	house
couch	at location	house
puppi	has property	cute
children	has property	cute
anim	has property	cute
children	has property	cute
cat	at location	lap
cat	at location	bed
cat	at location	windowsil
cat	capable of	hunt
cat	capable of	mice
cat	has a	leg
cat	capable of	drink
cat	capable of	water
cat	capable of	catch
cat	capable of	mous
cat	capable of	climb
cat	capable of	tree
cat	desires	milk
cat	desires	drink
cat	capable of	corner
cat	capable of	mous
dog	distinct from	cat
cat	at location	vet
cat	capable of	look
cat	capable of	king
cat	at location	chair
cat	at location	tabl
cat	has property	felin
